contest is scheduled for one
approaching the ring from Montreal
Quebec
there's the Bell moments' have been
flying around the line as we get going
with some signals competition and these
ready to tear each other apart
I like Maurice I like her attitude she
likes to talk trash and she can back it
up to an arrogant reversal by Maurice
meat is so hard
Maurice loves the trash-talk doesn't you
listen to it for a while
if you haven't done it yet check out
you'll find updates and blogs from all
your favorite superstars
talking to Maurice saying but I love the
way she says it look at there
I think the rhesus any respect for
anyone
an aggressive shot to the midsection
crank across the eye nice catch
I gotta start keeping an EMT by me
during these need matches every time I
see her skips a beat
smart sexy and powerful WWE Divas Eve
always desert Homer
she likes to a wall for offense that
tendon makes Eve a very difficult
competitive
be sure to check out twe comm for the
daily diva
look past the ring at the thousands and
thousands of WWE fans in attendance each
and every we'll look at that expression
if these catches over the DDJ
shoulders down Michael I love diva
matches no seven is kinda like this
rolling out of harm's way smart strategy
there
and this is one of those matches you
just like to sit back and enjoy watching
20 room here that
no not at all she would have got the
15-yarder there
big moves coming picture-perfect
backbreaker right there Maurice with a
devastating kick to the back of the
skull one two three
in Maurice wins
you're a winner
Maryse
thankfully
the match cups do it in
termination is what
you